update native module docs (#280)
microsoft/react-native-windows-samples: docs/native-modules.md

It's just as easy to add custom methods, by attributing a public method with `REACT_METHOD`. In FancyMath we have one method, `add`, which takes two doubles and returns their sum. Again, we've specified the optional `name` argument in the `REACT_METHOD` macro-attribute so in JS we call `add` instead of `Add`.

> Native modules do not have the ability to check that the parameter types and the number of parameters match between what's called from JavaScript and what the native code accepts. However, the framework will validate that the number of promises-like parameters match: if the JavaScript API is async, it will expect that there is one "promise-like" parameter in the native method implementation signature.

Reviewer: >Native [](start = 0, length = 6)

I am not sure that it is correct to use the term 'promise-like'. It would be better to say that an asynchronous method has different way to return result. It can be one callback, two callbacks, or a promise.

Author: @vmoroz We should:
- Define what a callback is. Is it strictly a `void (*) ()`? a `std::function`?  is it anything with an `operator()` ?
- What types they take/return
- What the difference between 1 or 2 is
- When you would use a callback, two callbacks or a promise

Author: Filed 283

A "promise-like" parameter is either:
- `React::ReactPromise<T>`
- a callback function or functor.

See [Using Asynchronous Windows APIs](native-modules-async.md).

Here is an example of an async method that returns a string. 

```cpp
    REACT_METHOD(GetString, L"getString");
    void GetString(React::ReactPromise<std::string>&& result) noexcept
    {

>       if (error) {

Reviewer: >error [](start = 10, length = 5)

Should we make the example more realistic? This variable is undefined. E.g. we can show this method calling some WinRT API.

Author: Add more realistic examples of native modules calling WinRT APIs
Including pointing to our sample native modules and possibly community modules

Author: Filed 288

```cpp
    REACT_METHOD(GetString, L"getString");
    void GetString(React::ReactPromise<std::string>&& result) noexcept
    {
      if (error) {
        result.Reject("Failure");
      } else {

>         something.Completed([result] (const auto& operation, const auto& status) {

Reviewer: >something.Completed [](start = 8, length = 19)

Let's use the co-routine syntax instead.

Author: filed 283 to add an example using coroutines

          // do error checking, e.g. status should be Completed
          winrt::hstring result{operation.GetResults()};
          result.Resolve(winrt::to_string(result));
        });
      }
    }
```
See [JavaScript and Windows Runtime strings](#javascript-and-windows-runtime-strings) for more details.

> The [`JSValue`](native-modules-jsvalue.md) type can be used when the API returns a JavaScript objects or takes JavaScript objects as input parameters.

Reviewer: >The [](start = 0, length = 3)

I would rather say that the expectation is that the native module methods parameters are expected to be related to the problem domain. ReadValue and WriteValue function overrides can be implemented for custom types. In case if the strongly type approach is not possible, the developers can use the JSValue that is an immutable representation of a JSON-like objects.

Author: I would love to point to the ReadValue and WriteValue documentation but we don't mention them anywhere in the docs. I've filed https://github.com/microsoft/react-native-windows-samples/issues/282 to add these APIs to the docs.

> Native modules will want to use `REACT_METHOD` instead of `REACT_SYNC_METHOD` since the latter precludes web debugging and has performance implications. When using web debugging you will see an exception that reads:

Reviewer: >performance implications [](start = 127, length = 24)

I do not think it is a true statement. On their own the synchronous methods do not cause perf issues. In future TurboModules all methods are planned to be synchronous according to the FB team. Should we rather speak about the differences and limitations instead of on insisting using the REACT_METHOD?

Author: > I do not think it is a true statement. On their own the synchronous methods do not cause perf issues. In future TurboModules all methods are planned to be synchronous according to the FB team

I integrated this from @NickGerleman 's  [PR](https://github.com/microsoft/react-native-windows-samples/pull/271/files#diff-3faf77f987916cbf9f9a99f42e49b9d1R295) but I can take it out if it is wrong.

> Should we rather speak about the differences and limitations instead of on insisting using the REACT_METHOD?

Absolutely, we should explain the differences. I believe you have an issue filed on this: #254
Should I remove this paragraph and look to you to update this soon @vmoroz ?

Author: Filed 289

Calls to methods are a little different due to the asynchronous nature of the JS engine. If the native method returns nothing, we can simply call the method. However, in this case `FancyMath.add()` returns a value, so in addition to the two necessary parameters we also include a callback function which will be called with the result of `FancyMath.add()`. In the example above, we can see that the callback raises an Alert dialog with the result value.

For events, you'll see that we created an instance of `NativeEventEmitter` passing in our `NativeModules.FancyMath` module, and called it `FancyMathEventEmitter`. We can then use the `FancyMathEventEmitter.addListener()` and `FancyMathEventEmitter.removeListener()` methods to subscribe to our `FancyMath::AddEvent`. In this case, when `AddEvent` is fired in the native code, `eventHandler` will get called, which logs the result to the console log.

### JavaScript and Windows Runtime strings

> Note that JavaScript strings are UTF8 (i.e. `std::string`) but WinRT strings are UTF16 (i.e. `winrt::hstring` in C++/WinRT), so when inter-operating between JavaScript and WinRT APIs, you will need to convert between these two encodings.

Reviewer: >winrt::hstring [](start = 94, length = 14)

Since native module methods can support any parameter type which has ReadValue and WriteValue functions. we must fix this issue by adding the reader writer for winrt::hstring to avoid extra memory allocation due to the conversion.

Author: Filed 6166

> Note that JavaScript strings are UTF8 (i.e. `std::string`) but WinRT strings (`winrt::hstring` in C++/WinRT) are UTF16 (and therefore translate ot `std::wstring`), so when inter-operating between JavaScript and WinRT APIs, you will likely need to convert between these two formats.

Reviewer 2: There's a lot of parens in this sentence and makes it a bit difficult to read. 

```suggestion
Note that JavaScript strings are UTF8 (i.e. `std::string`) but WinRT strings are UTF16 (ie. `winrt::hstring` in C++/WinRT which therefore translate to `std::wstring`), so when inter-operating between JavaScript and WinRT APIs, you will likely need to convert between these two formats.

```

Author: Good point :) I'll simplify it:

```suggestion
Note that JavaScript strings are UTF8 (i.e. `std::string`) but WinRT strings are UTF16 (i.e. `winrt::hstring` in C++/WinRT), so when inter-operating between JavaScript and WinRT APIs, you will need to convert between these two encodings.
```
